DOCSP-37440: documentdb feedback on indexes (#949)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/documentdb-support.txt

  ``$toObjectId``, ``$toString``, ``$isNumber``, ``$rand``, ``$sampleRate``, ``$getField``
- **Aggregation Stages**: ``$collStats``, ``$facet``, ``$bucket``, ``$bucketAuto``,
  ``$sortByCount``, ``$listLocalSessions``, ``$listSessions``, ``$graphLookup``
  

> Amazon DocumentDB also does not leverage indexes when you perform

Reviewer: S: "also does not" makes it sound like this is building on a previous list of times DocumentDB doesn't use indexes.

```suggestion
In addition, Amazon DocumentDB does not leverage indexes when you perform
```

> queries that contain any of the following operators:

Reviewer: S: ticket mentions this too

```suggestion
case-sensitive queries or queries that contain any of the following operators:
```

Author: this is already listed as a non compatible feature in the preceding list!
